samples: cellular: nRF Cloud auto-onboarding (#14081)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_multi_service/README.rst

                  python3 claim_and_provision_device.py --api_key "\ *your_api_key*\ " --ca="self\_\ *self_cert_serial*\ \_ca.pem" --ca_key="self\_\ *self_cert_serial*\ \_prv.pem" --install_ca --unclaim --id_imei --id_str "nrf-"

               Where the :file:`.pem` files are the self-signed CA certificate and private key files :ref:`you created <nrf_cloud_multi_service_create_device_cred_locally>` and *your_api_key* is your `nRF Cloud REST API key`_.

         .. group-tab:: CoAP

               .. parsed-literal::
                  :class: highlight

                  python3 claim_and_provision_device.py --api_key "\ *your_api_key*\ " --ca="self\_\ *self_cert_serial*\ \_ca.pem" --ca_key="self\_\ *self_cert_serial*\ \_prv.pem" --install_ca --unclaim --id_imei --id_str "nrf-" --coap

               Where the :file:`.pem` files are the self-signed CA certificate and private key files :ref:`you created <nrf_cloud_multi_service_create_device_cred_locally>` and *your_api_key* is your `nRF Cloud REST API key`_.
               The ``--coap`` option indicates that the device needs the CoAP root CA installed.
               See below for more details.

>       .. note::

Reviewer: If the contents starting here is supposed to be included in the CoAP tab, indent as the text above.

Author: No, it applies to both tabs, thanks.

         This command assumes you have left the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_SRC_IMEI` option enabled and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX` option set to ``nrf-``.
         See :ref:`configuration_device_id` to use other device ID formats.

      This script automatically performs the following steps:

      1. Obtains an `attestation token <nRF Cloud Generating attestation tokens_>`_ from your device over UART using the :ref:`lib_nrf_provisioning` library shell, and then `claims` your device on nRF Cloud.
      2. Generates, signs, and installs a device credential for your device.

         * This happens entirely over-the-air.
         * The private key for this credential is generated by the device itself.
           It is stored securely and never leaves the device.

      3. Installs any necessary root CA certificates.

         * CoAP connections use one root CA certificate, whereas HTTPS and MQTT use another.

>          * Devices using CoAP need both installed, since HTTPS is used for FOTA and PGPS on CoAP devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         * Devices using CoAP need both installed, since HTTPS is used for FOTA and P-GPS on CoAP devices.
```
